DOCS-3028 Polish remaining TC2.1 Docs After Merge (#1247)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/SystemManagement/TrueNASConfigManage.md

![ConfigBackupsCreate](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/ConfigBackupsCreate.png "Config Backups Create")

A maximum of one config backup per day can exist.  
If a prior config backup for the current day exists, creating a new one overwrites the previous one.

{{< hint info >}}
By default, TrueCommand retains seven backups. You can raise or lower the amount in the **Administration** page's **Configuration** tab.

> Local instances of TrueCommand can raise or lower this figure as desired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion for consistency...
Local instances of TrueCommand can increase or decrease this figure as desired. 
```

> To delete a backup, click the delete button <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> or mark the checkbox and click **Delete Backups**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion icon instead of button?
To delete a backup, click the delete <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> icon or mark the checkbox and click **Delete Backups**.
```
